
Title	TELECOM OPERATOR: TELECOMMUNICATIONS REF NO: 24072/01
Categories	DCoG Vacancies
Salary	R127 851 per annum (Level 04)
Location	Pretoria
Job Information	
POST 22/07: TELECOM OPERATOR: TELECOMMUNICATIONS REF NO: 24072/01

SALARY: R127 851 per annum (Level 04)

CENTRE: Pretoria

REQUIREMENTS: Grade 12 or equivalent qualification. No experience required. Generic competencies: quality of work, reliability, initiative, communication, interpersonal relations, team work and planning and execution. Technical competencies: Office Administration.

DUTIES: The successful candidate will perform the following duties: Render switchboard services: Attend to incoming and outgoing telephone calls. Transfer calls to relevant extensions. Provide clients with relevant information. Take messages and convey to the relevant staff. Maintain telephone database. Update the department telephone directory. Maintain switchboard system: Report faults and malfunctioning of the telecom operating system.

ENQUIRIES: Ms B Songwiqi, Tel No: (012) 334 0832

APPLICATIONS: May be posted to URS Response Handling, P O Box 11506, Tiegerpoort, 0056; submitted electronically via email: cogta11@ursonline.co.za ; or via fax: 086 415 5709.

FOR ATTENTION: URS Response Handling, Tel No: 012 811 1900

CLOSING DATE : 22 June 2018

NOTE: The successful candidate will be appointed subject to positive results of the security clearance process and the verification of educational qualification certificates. Applications must be submitted on a signed Z83 Form (application form), obtainable from any Public Service department website, and should be accompanied by a comprehensive CV as well as certified copies of ID, all qualifications. It is the applicant’s responsibility to have foreign qualifications evaluated by the South African Qualifications Authority (SAQA) and to provide proof of such evaluation. Incomplete applications or applications received after the closing date will not be considered. It is important to note that it is the applicant’s responsibility to ensure that all information and attachments in support of the application are submitted by the due date. Failure to attach the signed Z83 form, certified copies of ID and all qualifications will result in automatic disqualification. Due to the large number of responses anticipated, correspondence will be limited to short-listed candidates only. If you have not been contacted within three months of the closing date of the advertisement, please accept that your application has been unsuccessful. Thank you for the interest shown in the Department.

